docs(treeview): add drag events documentation (#1724)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/treeview/drag-drop.md

This article will be divided in the following sections:

* [Basics](#basics)

> * [DragStart Event](#dragstart-event)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`DragStart` Event](#dragstart-event)
```

> * [OnDrag Event](#ondrag-event)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`OnDrag` Event](#ondrag-event)
```

> * [OnDrop Event](#ondrop-event)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`OnDrop` Event](#ondrop-event)
```

> * [DragEnd Event](#dragend-event)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`DragEnd` Event](#dragend-event)
```

> This article will be divided in the following sections:

Reviewer 2: Consider a present tense, or simply "In this article:"

1. Set the `Draggable` parameter of the `<TelerikTreeView>` to `true`

1. Use the Drag events to handle the drag and drop operations and modify the data source as per your business logic.

## DragStart Event

The `DragStart` event fires when the user starts dragging a node. It provides details for the dragged items and allows you to cancel the event.

### Event Arguments

> The `DragStart` event provides an object of type `TreeViewDragStartEventArgs` to it's event handler which exposes the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DragStart` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragStartEventArgs` that contains:
```

> * `Item` - an object you can cast to your model class to obtain the current data item.

Reviewer: For consistency `OnDrop` section, use a table to represent the event arguments.

Author: Wouldn't three tables of this size bloat the page too much? Taking consistency into account, maybe I should change the OnDrop instead.

Reviewer: Tables are fine, don't worry about bloating.

> * `IsCancelled` - a boolean field indicating whether the event is to be prevented. Default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `IsCancelled` - a boolean field indicating whether the event is to be prevented. The default value is `false`.
```

## OnDrag Event

The `OnDrag` event fires continuously while the user is dragging a node.

### Event Arguments

> The `OnDrag` event provides an object of type `TreeViewDragEventArgs` to it's event handler which exposes the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OnDrag` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragEventArgs` that contains:
```

> * `Item` - an object you can cast to your model class to obtain the current data item.

Reviewer: For consistency `OnDrop` section, use a table to represent the event arguments.

* `DestinationItem` - Represents the row over which the `Item` is dropped. You can cast this object to your model class.
* `DestinationTreeView` - The reference of the TreeView in which the `Item` is dropped.

> * `DestinationIndex` - The index where the drop will happen in the second component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DestinationIndex` - The index in the target component where the drop will happen.
```

> * `DestinationComponentId` - The `Id` of the second component in which the drop will happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DestinationComponentId` - The `Id` of the target component in which the drop will happen.
```

> * `DropPosition` - Enumaration, Its members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DropPosition` - Enumeration whose members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`.
```

1. Set the `Draggable` parameter of the `<TelerikTreeView>` to `true`

1. Use the Drag events to handle the drag and drop operations and modify the data source as per your business logic.

## OnDragStart Event

> The `OnDragStart` event fires when the user starts dragging a node. It provides details for the dragged items and allows you to cancel the event.

Reviewer 2: The dragged item can have children, but it's always one, so we may not introduce a confusion here.

```suggestion
The `OnDragStart` event fires when the user starts dragging a node. It provides details for the dragged item and allows you to cancel the event.
```

### Event Arguments

The `OnDragStart` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragStartEventArgs` that contains:

> * `Item` - an object you can cast to your model class to obtain the current data item.

Reviewer 2: Use a table for consistency

## OnDrag Event

The `OnDrag` event fires continuously while the user is dragging a node.

### Event Arguments

The `OnDrag` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragEventArgs` that contains:

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Item` | `object` | Represents the dragged row. You can cast this object to your model class. |
| `DestinationItem` | `object` | Represents the row over which the `Item` is. You can cast this object to your model class. |
| `DestinationTreeView` | `object` | The reference of the TreeView in which the `Item` is dropped. |
| `DestinationIndex` | `string` | The index in the target component where the drop will happen. |
| `DestinationComponentId` | `string` | The `Id` of the target component in which the drop will happen. |
| `DropPosition` | `enum` | Its members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`. |
| `PageX` | `double` | Represents the X coordinate of the mouse. |
| `PageY` | `double` | Represents the Y coordinate of the mouse. |

## OnDrop Event

> The `OnDrop` event fires when the user drops a node into a new location. It is triggered only if the new location is a Telerik component. The event allows you to manipulate your data collection based on where the user dropped the element. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `OnDrop` event fires when the user drops a node to a new location. It is triggered only if the new location is a Telerik component. The event allows you to manipulate your data collection based on where the user dropped the element. 
```

1. Set the `Draggable` parameter of the `<TelerikTreeView>` to `true`

1. Use the Drag events to handle the drag and drop operations and modify the data source as per your business logic.

## OnDragStart Event

The `OnDragStart` event fires when the user starts dragging a node. It provides details for the dragged item and allows you to cancel the event.

### Event Arguments

The `OnDragStart` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragStartEventArgs` that contains:

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Item` | `object` | Represents the dragged row. You can cast this object to your model class. |

> | `IsCancelled`| `bool` | field indicating whether the event is to be prevented. The default value is `false`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `IsCancelled`| `bool` | Whether the event is to be prevented. The default value is `false`. |
```

| `DestinationIndex` | `string` | The index where the drop will happen in the second component. |
| `DestinationComponentId` | `string` | The `Id` of the second component in which the drop will happen. |

## DragEnd Event

> The `DragEnd` event fires when a drag operation is ended by releasing a mouse button. The event is triggered after the OnDrop Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DragEnd` event fires when a drag operation is ended by releasing a mouse button. The event is triggered after the `OnDrop` Event.
```

> The `DragEnd` event fires when a drag operation is ended by releasing a mouse button. The event is triggered after the OnDrop Event.

Reviewer 3: It's important to explain the difference between the `OnDragEnd` and the `OnDrop` events. @YanushevGeorgi  As we discussed in a private conversation, the `OnDrop` event is triggered when an item is dropped over a Telerik component, such as another TreeView. 

On the other hand, the `OnDragEnd` event is triggered when the drag operation ends. In cases where the item is dropped over a different element ( any HTML element - not a Telerik component), the `OnDragEnd` event arguments will be `null`.

Additionally, the phrase 'by releasing a mouse button' may be better removed, as in the future, we might cancel the drag operation on other events, like clicking the `Esc` key. 

'The `DragEnd` event fires when a drag operation is ended' seems enough.

### Event Arguments

> The `DragEnd` provides an object of type `TreeViewDragEndEventArgs` to it's event handler which exposes the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DragEnd` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragEndEventArgs` that contains:
```

* `DestinationItem` - Represents the row over which the `Item` is dropped. You can cast this object to your model class.
* `DestinationTreeView` - The reference of the TreeView in which the `Item` is dropped.

> * `DestinationIndex` - The index where the drop will happen in the second component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DestinationIndex` - The index in the target component where the drop will happen.
```

> * `DestinationComponentId` - The `Id` of the second component in which the drop will happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DestinationComponentId` - The `Id` of the target component in which the drop will happen.
```

> * `DropPosition` - Enumaration, Its members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DropPosition` - Enumeration whose members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`.
```

| `DestinationIndex` | `string` | The index where the drop will happen in the second component. |
| `DestinationComponentId` | `string` | The `Id` of the second component in which the drop will happen. |

## OnDragEnd Event

The `OnDragEnd` event fires when a drag operation is ends. The event is triggered after the `OnDrop` Event and unlike it, `OnDragEnd` will fire even if the new location is not a Telerik component.

### Event Arguments

> The `OnDragEnd` event handler receives as an argument an object of type `TreeViewDragEndEventArgs` that contains:

Reviewer 2: What does the event argument contain if the user drops somewhere outside the TreeView?

Author: If the user drops on a component that works with draggable like Grid/Scheduler/Treelist/Treeview then the event argument is largely the same as OnDrop's argument. Otherwise, the properties of the argument are empty/null.

| `DestinationItem` | `object` | Represents the row over which the `Item` is. You can cast this object to your model class. |
| `DestinationTreeView` | `object` | The reference of the TreeView in which the `Item` is dropped. |
| `DestinationIndex` | `string` | The index in the target component where the drop will happen. |
| `DestinationComponentId` | `string` | The `Id` of the target component in which the drop will happen. |
| `DropPosition` | `enum` | Its members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`. |

## Examples

* [Events Example](#events-example)
* [Drag and Drop between TreeView, Grid, TreeList and Scheduler](#drag-and-drop-between-treeview-grid-treelist-and-scheduler)
* [Flat Data](#flat-data)
* [Hierarchical Data](#hierarchical-data)
* [Between Different TreeViews](#between-different-treeviews)

> ### Events Example

Reviewer 2: Consider "TreeView Drag and Drop Events" for better SEO. No need to repeat "example"

>caption Handle Blazor TreeView Drag Events

````CSHTML
<div>
    Current Item: @CurrentItem
    <br />
    Current Location: @Location @DestinationItem
    <br />
    @Hint
</div>

<TelerikTreeView Data="@Data"
                 Id="TreeView"
                 @bind-ExpandedItems="@ExpandedItems"
                 Draggable="true"
                 OnDrop="@OnItemDrop"
                 OnDragStart="@OnDragStart"
                 DragThrottleInterval="150"
                 OnDrag="@OnDrag"
                 OnDragEnd="@OnDragEnd">
    <TreeViewBindings>
        <TreeViewBinding ParentIdField="Parent"></TreeViewBinding>
    </TreeViewBindings>
</TelerikTreeView>

@code {
    public string CurrentItem;
    public string DestinationItem;
    public string Location;

>     public string Hint = "Documents and its children cannot be moved";

Reviewer 2: We normally don't omit `{ get; set; }` Is there a special reason to do so?

| `DropPosition` | `enum` | Its members allow you to determine the exact position of the dropped item relative to the position of the `DestinationItem`. |

## Examples

* [Events Example](#events-example)
* [Drag and Drop between TreeView, Grid, TreeList and Scheduler](#drag-and-drop-between-treeview-grid-treelist-and-scheduler)
* [Flat Data](#flat-data)
* [Hierarchical Data](#hierarchical-data)
* [Between Different TreeViews](#between-different-treeviews)

### TreeView Drag and Drop Events

>caption Handle Blazor TreeView Drag Events

````CSHTML
<div>
    Current Item: @CurrentItem
    <br />
    Current Location: @Location @DestinationItem
    <br />
    @Hint
</div>

<TelerikTreeView Data="@Data"
                 Id="TreeView"
                 @bind-ExpandedItems="@ExpandedItems"
                 Draggable="true"
                 OnDrop="@OnItemDrop"
                 OnDragStart="@OnDragStart"
                 DragThrottleInterval="150"
                 OnDrag="@OnDrag"
                 OnDragEnd="@OnDragEnd">
    <TreeViewBindings>
        <TreeViewBinding ParentIdField="Parent"></TreeViewBinding>
    </TreeViewBindings>
</TelerikTreeView>

@code {

>     public string CurrentItem  { get; set; }

Reviewer 2: All `public` should be `private`, except classes and their properties.

    public string DestinationItem  { get; set; }

>     public string Location  { get; set; }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    public string Location { get; set; }
```
